Shared: Provenance-based filtering of flow summaries (#21051)
github/codeql: swift/ql/lib/change-notes/2026-01-16-summarized-callable.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * The predicate `SummarizedCallable.propagatesFlow` has been added the columns `Provenance p` and `boolean isExact`, and as a consequence the predicates `SummarizedCallable.hasProvenance` and `SummarizedCallable.hasExactModel` have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The predicate `SummarizedCallable.propagatesFlow` has been extended with columns `Provenance p` and `boolean isExact`, and as a consequence the predicates `SummarizedCallable.hasProvenance` and `SummarizedCallable.hasExactModel` have been removed.
```

> * The predicate `SummarizedCallable.propagatesFlow` has been added the columns `Provenance p` and `boolean isExact`, and as a consequence the predicates `SummarizedCallable.hasProvenance` and `SummarizedCallable.hasExactModel` have been removed.

Author: Fixed.
